hello and welcome to sophisticated pairs
videolog my name is Erica and today I am
reviewing the connect some Georgia Brown
before I get into the review I want to
comment that I did not purchase this
broad rectly from the connexin website
as I mentioned in the Emmaline review
that I did for the antepartum excellent
collaboration hopefully you check that
out we are now carrying the brand in the
store as a result connexin was very
generous and they sent me a couple
samples of different styles they had so
I could compare the fit and the quality
across both their original line and the
inner part outline this is from the
original line however any of the styles
that they are importing toward the u.s.
specifically to our store have been
converted to a UK size I have never
ordered from connexin before this so I
can't really compare the sizing of what
I have on to what you would purchase on
the website I'm not a hundred percent
sure if you have questions you can email
me and I can probably find out from the
owner of connects them but for the most
part I'm just going to comment on the
sizing that they have converted it to
now this is a 32 double H ordinarily I
wear anywhere from 30 H to a 30 J so
come Exim definitely runs tight in the
band I have seen from the and aperdele
collaboration that we have in the store
that it tends to be pretty universal
most of the time you have to size up at
least one band size if you find that
your often between band sizes you may
actually even need to go at one from
that larger size so for example if
you're between a 34 and a 36 then
usually you would probably want to start
with a 38 band in the connexin browse
the cup size I find runs about one cup
smaller than say cannot I typically
average myself as a thirty double eight
and in this one I had to go to the 32
double each I find it's a perfect fit I
don't have any issues there's no real
gaping or overflow and the band fits
perfectly snug on
hooks now if you've seen any of my other
videos you know that I'm a huge Clio fan
i gushed about them constantly
so for me Coolio has always been the
brand to be in my eyes and when I
started to get my connect some samples
in I am NOT super ashamed to say that I
felt absolutely alone with them I may be
a fickle person but what I love about
the connection bras is the fit I have
very close set breasts so a lot of times
even my Clio rods that I absolutely love
are still kind of high in the center
bore and they'll rest on the breast
tissue and they can still be slightly
wider than what I need here on the side
connexin bras have the lowest and
narrowest underwears that I have found
thus far and the cups are also very deep
now this is a plunge style that they do
but it is very supportive and I don't
feel like even I'm moving around or
bending over that I'm going to fall out
that's very important for me because
since I work in the store every day it's
really important that I have a bra that
is going to allow me a full range of
motion without having to adjust some
days we are very busy and I just do not
have time to fiddle with my bra so this
is a great option for me I love it
the narrow Center Gore's here as well as
the lobe or make sure that I don't have
candy bra resting on my breast tissue
towards the center and the underwears on
the side are fantastic ok first off
they're ending here this is the absolute
narrowest I have ever had most of the
time my bras and somewhere around here
maybe a little further back and then
it's also very low here on the side I
often have problems with the the bras
kind of coming up across this arm region
or sitting very high here and by the end
of the day they're just very
uncomfortable and I'd typically have to
work them off with connects them I don't
feel that way I love the way that the
underwire fit my body I love how they
give me the support I need without
feeling they have to take over my entire
chest the cups themselves are also very
deep so that way I have the ability to
fill outward rather than having my
breast things splayed towards the side
as can happen frequently if the cups
themselves are kind of shallow the bra
also creates a little bit of sexy
cleavage here towards the center which
was something to get used to because
typically I don't have any cleavage in
the brass that I'm able to buy in my
size but the overall fit and the comfort
level is just so high the wings on the
bra are very firm I think that's part of
the reason why I had to size up to the
32 and why most of my customers have to
size up as well they have fully
adjustable straps which is fantastic I
feel like especially in the floor bust
market fully adjustable straps are
something that has to be there you have
a lot of women who are petite or short
waisted or you can just have high set
breasts that really need this
adjustability the interior of this cup
is very soft and almost reminds me a
little bit of like a cotton feel and the
outside is very smooth too I know it
might look like it's a lace cup on the
video but this is actually just a lace
print so you get that aesthetic of lace
but you don't have any textual problems
that can be associated with it and the
color of course is gorgeous I love this
teal with the black accents is very rich
very luxurious I just feel like this
almost could be more of an upscale bra
in the way it looks they said it's very
affordable it's right on par with what
you know panache charges so you're
looking at something that has that maybe
masquerade or faux element to it but
it's much cheaper which is always a good
thing and like I said the fit and the
quality is just fantastic I've been
wearing Mike Mike summers for about a
month or month and a half or so now and
I really really love them they are just
wonderful they fit fantastic I can go
all day in the store with them and I
don't feel like I have to come home
immediately and rip my bra off and thus
far I haven't had any issues with
quality I also want to say one more
thing - I completely forgot to mention
this during the fit portion but
ordinarily when I try padded bras I have
space at the bottom of the cup where my
breast tissue doesn't completely fill it
so it gravitates upwards it can be
anywhere from a quarter of an inch to
three-quarters of an inch but I have yet
to try a padded bra that I don't have
this problem in sometimes it's referred
to as the orange and glass problem
however I do not have this
whatsoever with my connexin bras i
completely fill out the bottom of the
cup I don't have any issues with the
weight of my breast tissue buckling the
fabric I've had that happen as well
everything is staying nice and
supportive this was particularly
shocking to me because the padding
itself is not super heavy and it kind of
feels very plush and I was worried that
as soft and as nice as it feels that it
would not provide me the support on here
that my breast tissue would be too heavy
for it and especially as the day wore on
I would see a compromise in the level of
support I was getting however I am
pleased to note that this is not the
case that it really does hold up well
over time and as I mentioned I really
can't say anything negative about them
this is probably my my new favorite
brand and this is actually my personal
favorite of the samples that I was given
so if you have any questions about
connect some or about the way the sizing
rings if you have any suggestions about
videos or any of that please feel free
to email me at sophisticated pair at
gmail.com don't forget to check out the
other videos in our youtube channel as
well as our blog facebook twitter and
pictures for all the latest news and
event information thank you